feat: Revision of OMA MAturity model architecture for 2025 maturity model (#21490)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/new-relic-solutions/observability-maturity/business-uptime/l1-service-delivery-alert-coverage.mdx

---
title: Level 1 - Service delivery alert coverage scorecard rule
tags:
  - Observability maturity
  - Intelligent observability
  - Instrumentation
  - Implementation guide
metaDescription: Observability maturity business uptime service delivery alert coverage
redirects:
  - /docs/new-relic-solutions/observability-maturity
  - /docs/full-stack-observability
  - /docs/new-relic-solutions/best-practices-guides/full-stack-observability
freshnessValidatedDate: never
---

# Overview

> The Service Delivery Alert Coverage rule has produced a score based on the alert coverage of your service delivery entities. This document explains the interpretation of your score and offers guidance on actions you can take to enhance your observability program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Service Delivery Alert Coverage rule produces a score based on the alert coverage of your service delivery entities. This document explains your score and offers guidance on actions you can take to enhance your observability program.
```
